README.md, before:

# Esri European Developer Summit 2019 Presentations

Presentations for the 3D ArcGIS API for JavaScript at the Esri Developer Summit in Berlin, 4.-6. November 2019.

https://www.esri.com/en-us/about/events/devsummit-europe/agenda/agenda

## Contents

### [Getting Started with 3D](https://arnofiva.github.io/2019-11-devsummit-eu-presentations/getting-started-with-3d.html)

Discover the 3D capabilities of the ArcGIS API for JavaScript and learn how to leverage them to build stunning 3D web applications. This session will focus on the fundamental 3D building blocks of the API: SceneView, 2D and 3D layers, terrain, and symbology.

Sébastien Szollosi, Esri France<br>
Arno Fiva, Esri R&D Center Zürich

---

### [Working with Your Data with the Feature Layer](https://arnofiva.github.io/2019-11-devsummit-eu-presentations/working-with-feature-layers.html)

Explore the capabilities of the feature layer in 2D and 3D that directly connects to your data. In this session you will learn how to create, display, and edit data using the ArcGIS API for JavaScript's FeatureLayer. We will cover styling features, labeling, querying, filtering the displayed data, and configuring a popup. Then you will learn about building an interactive experience using client-side data.

Julie Powell, Esri<br>
Arno Fiva, Esri R&D Center Zürich

---

### [Building Interactive 3D Web Apps Using Open Data](https://arnofiva.github.io/2019-11-devsummit-eu-presentations/building-web-apps.html)

In this session, learn how to build a 3D app using openly available data and the resources provided out of the box by Esri and the ArcGIS API for JavaScript. Even if your data doesn't contain Z-values, you can build sophisticated 3D apps that leverage modern browser technology to render your 2D features with 3D symbology.

Jochen Manegold, Esri Germany<br>
Arno Fiva, Esri R&D Center Zürich

---

### [Using Animations](https://arnofiva.github.io/2019-11-devsummit-eu-presentations/using-animations.html)

Animations are a great way to set your web app apart and also make it more informative. In this hands-on session, we will look at the capabilities the API provides out-of-the-box, such as animated camera paths. But there is more: endless possibilities arise when you combine the API with native JavaScript animation facilities. We will provide an overview of frameworks that help you to orchestrate timing and speed. For the brave among us we will hook directly into the WebGL engine to animate 3D models in a scene.

Yannik Messerli, Esri R&D Center Zürich<br>
Arno Fiva, Esri R&D Center Zürich

## Usage

The presentations are built using [reveal-md](https://github.com/webpro/reveal-md). Use the following commands to run them locally:

```
npm install
npm run start
```

This will launch the default browser and serve the presentations at http://localhost:1948

Commit message:

Fixed link to events page

README.md, after:

# Esri European Developer Summit 2019 Presentations

Presentations for the 3D ArcGIS API for JavaScript at the Esri Developer Summit in Berlin, 4.-6. November 2019.

See the [event page](https://www.esri.com/en-us/about/events/devsummit-europe/agenda/agenda) for the complete agenda.

## Presentations

### [Getting Started with 3D](https://arnofiva.github.io/2019-11-devsummit-eu-presentations/getting-started-with-3d.html)

Discover the 3D capabilities of the ArcGIS API for JavaScript and learn how to leverage them to build stunning 3D web applications. This session will focus on the fundamental 3D building blocks of the API: SceneView, 2D and 3D layers, terrain, and symbology.

Sébastien Szollosi, Esri France<br>
Arno Fiva, Esri R&D Center Zürich

---

### [Working with Your Data with the Feature Layer](https://arnofiva.github.io/2019-11-devsummit-eu-presentations/working-with-feature-layers.html)

Explore the capabilities of the feature layer in 2D and 3D that directly connects to your data. In this session you will learn how to create, display, and edit data using the ArcGIS API for JavaScript's FeatureLayer. We will cover styling features, labeling, querying, filtering the displayed data, and configuring a popup. Then you will learn about building an interactive experience using client-side data.

Julie Powell, Esri<br>
Arno Fiva, Esri R&D Center Zürich

---

### [Building Interactive 3D Web Apps Using Open Data](https://arnofiva.github.io/2019-11-devsummit-eu-presentations/building-web-apps.html)

In this session, learn how to build a 3D app using openly available data and the resources provided out of the box by Esri and the ArcGIS API for JavaScript. Even if your data doesn't contain Z-values, you can build sophisticated 3D apps that leverage modern browser technology to render your 2D features with 3D symbology.

Jochen Manegold, Esri Germany<br>
Arno Fiva, Esri R&D Center Zürich

---

### [Using Animations](https://arnofiva.github.io/2019-11-devsummit-eu-presentations/using-animations.html)

Animations are a great way to set your web app apart and also make it more informative. In this hands-on session, we will look at the capabilities the API provides out-of-the-box, such as animated camera paths. But there is more: endless possibilities arise when you combine the API with native JavaScript animation facilities. We will provide an overview of frameworks that help you to orchestrate timing and speed. For the brave among us we will hook directly into the WebGL engine to animate 3D models in a scene.

Yannik Messerli, Esri R&D Center Zürich<br>
Arno Fiva, Esri R&D Center Zürich

## Usage

The presentations are built using [reveal-md](https://github.com/webpro/reveal-md). Use the following commands to run them locally:

```
npm install
npm run start
```

This will launch the default browser and serve the presentations at http://localhost:1948
